---
title: Writing blog posts
description: ''
position: 11
category: Guide
---

## Folder structure

You must create the blog posts inside the `content` directory.

```bash
content/
  blog-post-1.md
  blog-post-2.md
```

If you have more than one language configured (example: **en** and **fr**), you can translate files by adding the language code before the file's extension.

```bash
content/
  blog-post-1.md
  blog-post-1.fr.md
  blog-post-2.md
  blog-post-2.fr.md
```

The file without language code represents the default language (**en**). You can have blog posts that are not translated. The blog post for the default language will be used.

You can create subfolders to organize your blog posts. It is useful when you have many blog posts, translated files, or both.

```bash
content/
  vuejs/
    vuejs-blog-post-1/
      vuejs-blog-post-1.md
      vuejs-blog-post-1.ar.md
      vuejs-blog-post-1.es.md
      vuejs-blog-post-1.fr.md
    vuejs-blog-post-2.md
    vuejs-blog-post-2.fr.md
  nuxtjs/
    nuxtjs-blog-post-1.md
    nuxtjs-blog-post-2.md
```



## Front Matter

The beginning of each blog post must start with a YAML front matter block.

### Required fields

```bash
---
title: Blog title
description: Blog description
publishedAt: 2020-04-08
---
```

- `title (String)`
  - The title of the blog post;
  - Used as the:
    - title of the page `(<title>)`;
    - Open Graph `og:title` meta tag.

- `description (String)`
  - A short description/summary/introduction to the blog post;
  - Used in the:
    - blog post preview card;
    - `description` meta tag;
    -  Open Graph `og:description` meta tag.

- `publishedAt (Datetime)`
  - The date and time when the blog post was first published. It must follow the ISO 8601 standard;
  - Used in the:
    - blog post preview card;
    - blog post itself;
    - `article:published_time` meta tag;
    - feed.  

### Optional fields

```bash
---
image: blog-post-image.png
authors:
  - name: José Silva
    avatarUrl: external url
    link: https://twitter.com/jmanuelsilvapt
tags:
  - list
  - of
  - tags
---
```

- `image (String)`
  - The URL can be absolute (external to the blog) or relative to the `static` folder.
  - Used in the:
    - blog post preview card;
    - blog post page;
    - cards generated by social media websites when sharing the blog post.

- `authors (Array<Object>)`
  - An array of objects that can have the properties `name`, `avatarUrl`, `link` and `email`;
  - The `name`, `avatarUrl`, `link` properties are used in the:
    - blog post preview card;
    - blog post page;
  - The `name`, `link` and `email` properties are used to display the author of a blog post in the feed.

- `tags (Array<String>)`
  - An array of strings. For the sake of readability,  I suggest you write the tags in PascalCase. PascalCase combines words by capitalizing all words (even the first word) and removing the spaces.
  - The tags are displayed in the:
    - blog post preview card;
    - blog post page;
    - cards generated by the social media websites when you share the blog post through the sharing widget.

## Content/Markdown

The content of a blog post must be written in markdown. You can check the [basic syntax guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax) to help you master it.

You can also check the [Nuxt Content documentation](https://content.nuxtjs.org/writing) to explore more advanced features.
